[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Now,
you're a psychic medium.
>>VINCENT GENNA: That's right.
>>NOORY: But you have a little
interest in extraterrestrials.
>>GENNA: I hear them and
I can see them slightly,
when they want me to.
>>NOORY: Are they here for
the betterment of us or them?
>>GENNA: We separated
from source,
which caused us to
forget who we were,
caused us to forget
our abilities
and our power, George.
They didn't forget.
Now what they want
to do, they want
to help their little
brothers and sisters
to get to the same place.
I could just see some of
the aliens looking down
at us right now.
Stop fighting with each other.
You're a bunch of little brats.
>>NOORY: They're right.
>>GENNA: Spirituality,
metaphysics, paranormal stuff,
it's all part of the tools
to be able to understand
who we are so that we can do
nothing more, nothing more,
than create the lives
we want down here
and achieve our dreams.
That's the only
reason we are here.
>>NOORY: And we will.
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a great guest for you.
Vincent Genna back
with us, an authentic
and gifted psychic medium with
the knowledge and experience
of psychotherapy and the
big, charming personality
of a showman.
Don't you?
>>GENNA: Oh, gosh.
Yeah, let's break into
song right now, George.
We can.
>>NOORY: I know when I'm
doing live events with you
around the country, you are one
of the most sought-after person
by the audience.
They just love you.
>>GENNA: Thank you.
I don't know what that is.
It costs me a lot
of money to get them
to respond that way, George.
I pay them all.
No, it's-- you know what it is?
And you know this.
It's all about energy.
It's all about how
you make them feel.
>>NOORY: It's all energy.
>>GENNA: It's all about, do you
raise their spirits up or do
you bring them down, you know?
>>NOORY: Well, you're not a
psychic vampire by any means.
You give off energy.
People want to be around you.
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
If people learn how to connect
with their greatest source
inside, because that's where
it all comes from, right?
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>GENNA: We can feed the
entire world with our energy,
because we're unlimited beings.
So when you're disconnected,
you want energy still.
You're taking it.
Then you have to take it.
You have to take it.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GENNA: You become a thief
in the middle of the night.
Like you said, a
vampire, energy vampire.
But no, I've given--
>>NOORY: You glow.
>>GENNA: And people always ask
me if I'm exhausted at the end.
I'm not.
I'm--
>>NOORY: You are high energy.
>>GENNA: I--
>>GENNA: Well, if you ask my
wife, she says I'm intense.
I always argued that point
until I did a lecture.
>>NOORY: Intense is not bad.
>>GENNA: No, it's not.
I used to correct her.
>>NOORY: She could have
said something else.
>>GENNA: Well, she
does that, too.
>>NOORY: Oh, OK.
>>GENNA: Yeah,
she says that too.
I used to always say,
no, I'm not intense.
I'm passionate.
I'm passionate about life.
And you should meet my daughter.
She's passionate, too.
So you put the two of
us together, forget it.
>>NOORY: I love it.
>>GENNA: There's
passion everywhere.
And one-- [LAUGHS] one
time I was doing a lecture
and I had to define the word
"passion" in my PowerPoint
display.
And I go to the dictionary and
it says, "An intense emotion."
And I went, dang.
I'm intense.
Oh, God.
So she was right.
I hate that.
>>NOORY: Well, I picked up
the "Webster Dictionary"
and looked under "intense,"
and it went, "Vince Genna."
>>GENNA: There you-- [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>GENNA: There you go.
But you know what
we need more of?
We don't need downers.
We need uppers.
We need everybody
to be up and lifted.
And if I can do that,
then dang, I'll do that.
>>NOORY: Now, you're
a psychic medium.
>>GENNA: That's right.
>>NOORY: But you have a little
interest in extraterrestrials
and aliens.
Tell me about this.
>>GENNA: Oh, oh.
Well, it's so funny about that.
As a kid, I was very
interested in sci-fi and aliens
and all those movies.
Oh, my gosh.
I loved "Cocoon," right?
And "Close Encounters,"
all of them.
I was drawn to that right
away, but not anything more
than knowing that
there's beings out there.
OK, that's great.
So I accepted that right away.
But then all of a sudden,
as a psychic medium, things
started happening.
And I remember, one
day I'm in my office,
and I just finished doing
a reading with somebody.
And I hear, I hear, "We
want to talk with you."
>>NOORY: Oh!
>>GENNA: Now, I
hear that inside.
>>NOORY: Uh-oh.
>>GENNA: "We want
to talk with you."
So just like any other psychic
medium that communicates with--
I also communicate with
animals, besides dead people.
>>NOORY: And the other side.
That's right.
>>GENNA: Right, the other side.
Just like anybody else would
do, I turn to my plants
in my office.
And I said, "Is that you?"
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>GENNA: I didn't know what a--
>>NOORY: And the Venus
flytrap that was sitting
there jumped at you, right?
>>GENNA: That's
right, jumped at me.
>>NOORY: Right?
>>GENNA: And-- [LAUGHS]
the philodendron.
I was waiting for a response.
It's like, do I hear plants now?
And they said, no.
It's us.
And then from that point
on, I knew I was in trouble.
Because I'm like, who's us?
And they said, "A council.
We're a council."
>>NOORY: Do you just hear
them or do you see them?
>>GENNA: I hear them.
And I can see them slightly,
when they want me to.
And-- but right now, it's
actually all about the voices,
all about them
giving me guidance,
all about them really
wanting to give me truth--
>>NOORY: About us.
>>GENNA: --about us and them.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GENNA: And why they're--
there's been so much
information that's out there.
You know.
There's going to be
a ton of information,
all sides and interpretations
of what they are.
What are aliens?
You see all the movies.
Oh, my gosh.
They're coming out
of people's stomachs
and they're going to
rip your head off.
And we've got Pleiadians
sucking brains out
of people that are living here.
And because of that, they
want to correct all of that.
Because as humans,
we become fearful
of this concept of
aliens and landing.
And the government has to
protect us by hiding all of it,
because that's
all they're doing.
They're shielding us, just
like the religious leaders did.
They didn't want to share the
mystical books of knowledge
with us, because they didn't
think we can handle it.
Well, it's like we've got
to hide the UFO stuff.
>>NOORY: We can
handle the truth.
>>GENNA: [EXHALES]
>>NOORY: I want to
show you a clip.
>>GENNA: OK.
>>NOORY: It's the late
Sergeant Clifford Stone.
>>GENNA: Oh, OK.
>>NOORY: He was on
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
one of our Gaia programs.
And he has had a lifelong
contact with a being
by the name of Corona.
Not the beer.
>>GENNA: Not the beer.
>>NOORY: But Corona.
>>GENNA: OK.
>> Let's talk more
about Corona--
>> OK.
>> --because this is
really a fascinating story.
Sarge, what did you
learn about them?
Their species, their culture.
Did they teach you anything?
>> You know, it's
interesting that you ask.
And the reason I say
that, when they chose me,
and they were going to
follow me throughout my life,
and I got to see Corona
as he really looked,
and no longer seeing
him as a child,
I can remember crying and
begging my mom and dad
to take me to the doctor,
because the doctor could
make the monsters go away.
At the tender age of seven,
I had to make a decision.
Do I go ahead and fight what's
happening to me, at which time
I'm going to lose my mind?
I'm not going to be normal.
Or do I go ahead and accept
the fate that's been dealt me
and learn from it?
I chose the latter.
What did I learn?
I learned there are species
that are visiting us.
They're not cartoon characters
like we most of the time think.
We see them as will-o'-the-wisp
that comes out of the night
to scare us, the creature
hiding under our beds,
the creature in the closet.
No.
They are so much like us.
They have families.
They have friends.
They have likes.
They have dislikes.
They really like to share
about their families.
I don't think feel that
I was every abducted.
But I can tell you
right now that I
have seen the stars in
such great magnitude,
great brilliance, that there's
no place on the planet Earth
that you could ever
see the stars the way
I saw them at that time.
>>NOORY: The late
Clifford Stone.
He just passed away, Vince.
>>GENNA: Oh, that's amazing.
>>NOORY: But an amazing person.
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
And I can 100% validate that.
They have been here
for the longest time.
And you heard what
he said, that he
had to make a decision
whether to go with it--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: --or hide it.
Well, that's what we've done,
but only in contemporary times.
Extraterrestrials have
been on this planet
since the beginning
of our existence.
It's how we advanced
the way we did.
People have accepted them
in all different cultures.
You go over to Peru.
We're the aliens over there,
because the other ones,
they're there all the
time, and they are family.
They're our big
brothers and sisters.
That's what everybody
has to understand.
When we were
created, all souls--
souls.
Not this body.
All souls were created
by a higher being.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>GENNA: And then
in order to learn
who we were, we couldn't hang
out together with dad or mom,
whatever you want to call
that higher source or spirit.
We had to go and
experience ourselves,
just like our children do today.
They go out from
the home and they
go create a life for themselves,
to discover who they are.
>>NOORY: Sometimes
they come back.
[LAUGHS]
>>GENNA: Well, yeah, sometimes.
And they want to stay
there sometimes, too.
Well, that wasn't
our problem, but I
know a lot of people that was.
So we all went to different
places and environments.
And then you grow.
They grew faster than we did
because of some of the choices
they made versus some
of the choices we made.
We separated from
source, which caused
us to forget who we were, caused
us to forget our abilities
and our power, George.
They didn't forget,
and they used it.
So that helped them to evolve
even higher and quicker.
Now what they want
to do, they want
to help their little
brothers and sisters
to get to the same place.
If it wasn't for them, you see
this body and us sitting here?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GENNA: We wouldn't
be like this.
They're the ones that
helped to create this body.
And why they keep coming back
now and abducting people,
they're only
abducting because we
are creating diseases
and illnesses faster
than our ability to cure them.
>>NOORY: Obviously.
>>GENNA: They-- yeah,
right, with what
we've been dealing with, right?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GENNA: They came and helped
splice our genes and change
our genetics' lay out--
>>NOORY: To help us.
>>GENNA: --in order to
help us fight those.
They can't keep up with it now.
And so now, you
see more of them.
And just like the
government is going
to hide because they don't
think we can deal with it,
finally, they're coming out.
Because they can't
hide it anymore,
and we need to establish
a relationship with them.
But the reason why
they were stopped
from coming to our
planet in the beginning--
>>NOORY: Who stopped them?
>>GENNA: The council.
There is--
>>NOORY: Ah, the Federation.
>>GENNA: The Federation.
Absolu-- "Star
Trek" had it right,
if we only just
went along with it.
>>NOORY: I wonder who told Gene
Roddenberry what was going on.
>>GENNA: He was inspired by
what he already knew was true.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GENNA: That's the whole point.
You can't imagine anything
that's not true already.
It's your interpretation
of it that can change.
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>GENNA: So what happened
was they came to our planet,
helped us in the beginning.
But let's just say you had
a younger brother or sister,
and you were going
to school together.
And you're sitting
home in the kitchen
and you're doing your
homework together.
And your little sister
there is on question number
three of math.
And you go, (WHISPERING)
the answer is 7.
(ALOUD) And you keep doing that.
And all of a sudden,
Mom interferes.
And she goes,
honey, honey, honey.
George, let her do
her homework herself.
She's got to learn by herself.
You did.
>>NOORY: She's got
to make her mistakes.
>>GENNA: And learn--
that's right.
Make the mistakes you did.
So they stopped us.
That stopped the aliens
from coming to help us.
OK?
But once Mom left the
room, what did you do?
(WHISPERING) The
answer to 10 is 5.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>GENNA: You snuck.
That's what they did.
They had to sneak here now.
But what happened was, we got
so un-used to being with them
that now we feared
the sightings.
And it became so unusual
rather than usual, George.
>>NOORY: Well, this
intergalactic council
that you're talking about.
>>GENNA: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are they here for
the betterment of us or them?
>>GENNA: That's
a great question.
They're already better.
They're trying to get
us to their level.
Because the one thing
about us-- and oh.
Remember "The Day the
Earth Stood Still"?
>>NOORY: Love it.
Michael Rennie?
>>GENNA: Yes.
That movie was fabulous!
But the interpretation was,
he came down to warn us.
>>NOORY: To help us.
That's right.
>>GENNA: Because he
said, Earth, you're
starting to develop
nuclear arms.
>>NOORY: We wouldn't accept it.
>>GENNA: That's right.
You're going to hurt
the rest of the planets,
and we're here to stop
you from doing that.
So you either learn or we're
going to get rid of you.
Well, that's actually
not possible.
We cannot interfere
in another universe,
because the other universes
aren't anywhere near
our dimension.
There are parallel universes.
You hear-- watch
the History Channel.
You hear all about the
parallel universes.
Even your show, you've
had people come on--
>>NOORY: Sure, absolutely.
>>GENNA: --and talk about that.
Well, everything is
a parallel universe,
because all dimensions exist
parallel to each other.
The past, the
present, the future,
where the deceased go, where we
go after we leave our bodies,
all the other universes.
They're in different dimensions
that on top of each other,
all together, right here.
And Einstein, Albert
Einstein, was the one
who said, the only way that
an alien culture could come
and visit us into this universe,
or we escape and go visit them,
is if you develop high
spiritual concepts.
And it takes that concept
in order to dematerialize.
That's how they're getting here.
>>NOORY: You're spot on.
A channeler, Darryl
Anka, describes
how he came in contact
with his beings.
Watch this.
>>GENNA: Oh, wow.
>> The feeling of connecting
with Bashar telepathically is
kind of like, I can describe
it like it's a vibrational
resonance that is a particular
frequency that I recognize
as not my own.
Or at least, a much
bigger part of me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And I sort of liken it to
the idea of two tuning forks.
When you start one vibrating,
if they're keyed to each other,
then the other one starts
vibrating in harmony.
And as soon as they
start matching frequency
and vibrating together,
that's kind of what it's like.
So the channeling class,
as I understood it,
ultimately was training you to
shift your brainwave frequency
to a point where you
go into a state called
gamma, which is about 40, 45,
or 40 to 100 cycles per second.
But I stay in the range of about
40 to 45 when I'm channeling.
And then Bashar
makes an adjustment
in his brainwave frequency.
And somewhere in
the middle, we lock.
[CLANG]
And as we vibrate
together, what you get
is a translation of his
thoughts into the language
that I'm programmed with.
So the idea of channeling is
not possession or anything
like that.
It is a synchronization
of frequencies
that allow you to have the
same thoughts at the same time
as whoever you are vibrating
on the same wavelength with.
>>NOORY: Do you have
someone like a spirit guide
or an alien guide
that helps you?
>>GENNA: Well, not
with any connection.
But I do.
I actually channel
Joseph from Canaan.
>>NOORY: Joseph?
>>GENNA: "Joseph and the Amazing
Technicolor Dreamcoat" Joseph?
>>NOORY: Yeah, yeah.
>>GENNA: He is the dude
who introduced himself
to me to get me to become a
psychic medium to start with.
That's where it all
began is with him.
And he came into me.
And he says it really--
>>NOORY: You channel--
>>GENNA: --well scientifically
and what's happening.
For me, I wasn't aware
of any of that stuff.
It just happened.
And so the voice comes in.
And all I kept hearing is,
"You have to honor the voice.
Honor the inner
voice that you hear."
And I channeled that.
But he doesn't help connect.
Now that I'm open and I've
spent over 37 years studying
this and practicing
it and perfecting it--
I even go to school for it.
I go over to England to
Arthur Findlay College
of Psychic Sciences, just to--
>>NOORY: One of
the best schools.
>>GENNA: Absolutely, in
order to perfect my skills.
Well, they want to know,
why am I coming over there?
You already know how to do this.
I'm like, well, I'm doing my
continuing education credits.
I'm doing psychotherapy--
>>NOORY: I'm tuning
myself up, right?
>>GENNA: That's it.
I'm tuning myself.
Well, you use tuning
forks in there, right?
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>GENNA: Tuning myself up.
So what happens
is, and it's always
when I'm feeling at
my best and centered,
which is what I do when I'm
doing my work to start with.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: And then all
of a sudden, the voice.
You just start
hearing the voice.
"We want to talk with you,"
where information just comes.
It just begins to come.
For example, I'm always
asked-- it's unbelievable
that humans still want to
believe that everything
influences us, rather than we
influence everything, including
the planets.
Astrology, we interpret it
as the planet alignment.
If Mercury is retrograding, it's
absolutely going to affect us.
We're the ones to
set it up that way.
>>NOORY: We did that.
>>GENNA: We're the ones--
>>NOORY: We did it.
>>GENNA: We did it.
We align or disalign
the planets.
We sent the meteor here,
and our alien friends--
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>GENNA: --to get rid of the
life that was on the planet,
all the dinosaurs--
>>NOORY: To start over.
>>GENNA: --so that
we could exist.
And that's when
modern man began.
When we allow a
planet to affect us--
like when Mercury
is retrograding,
the best things
happen in my life.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
I love-- when I hear Mercury
is retrograding, I can't wait.
>>NOORY: You're all excited.
>>GENNA: All excited.
But I also did the work, George.
And so many people do to
have it affect us that way.
So when it comes to--
they explain black holes.
I never knew this about
what a black hole is.
But what a black
hole actually is
is a no-longer needed universe.
>>NOORY: Who says that?
>>GENNA: The council.
>>NOORY: Oh, the council.
>>GENNA: When we are done
coming to the Earth--
the Earth is here for us.
>>NOORY: I hope they
don't do this to us.
>>GENNA: They're not doing it.
When we no longer
need the Earth,
the Earth will no
longer exist, George.
That is what they
told us that happens.
Then we don't have
to incarnate--
>>NOORY: Without
any intervention.
>>GENNA: No intervention.
It goes away by itself.
Because we're, at this point,
keeping the Earth alive.
Don't we keep the trees alive?
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>GENNA: Every time we exhale--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>GENNA: --we're
feeding the trees.
They're feeding us,
we're feeding them.
But since we are the
greater energy, which
is the way we were created,
and that's what is meant by we
have dominion.
That's what-- the first
chapter in the Bible
is about us being created.
And then once we were
down, you will always
have dominion over
everything on the planet.
>>NOORY: And that's true.
>>GENNA: Including the physical
body, because we're energies.
>>NOORY: Is the
Federation considered God?
>>GENNA: Whoa, whoa.
Wow.
Nobody's ever asked me
that question before.
No.
God created also the Federation.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>GENNA: The source created all
the souls, just like angels,
just like--
just, they have different roles.
And the Federation is a soul.
They're actually
not even physical.
They're just spirits.
They're souls from
each universe, angels.
And they're kind of helping
to guide everything,
just like you would see.
But not of the negative stuff.
There is actually a council
of all the brilliant--
Leonardo da Vinci,
Albert Einstein, Tesla.
They're all getting
together on the other side,
as brains and wisdom, and trying
to feed us information down
here.
>>NOORY: Einstein, Edison.
>>GENNA: Edison.
>>NOORY: All of them.
>>GENNA: All of them.
They did it while they
were alive and together.
They got together
and brainstormed.
>>NOORY: Do governments
know about the Federation?
And if they do, why do
they keep it secret?
>>GENNA: The government
knows everything.
It decides what it
wants to release to us.
And one of the reasons,
the major reason,
why it has hidden
all this alien stuff
is because of war
with the worlds.
>>NOORY: Let's see if you agree
with this, from "Deep Space."
>>GENNA: Go ahead.
>> When we start
getting into the upper,
highest level echelon of the
cover-up of the UFO phenomenon,
I still feel that I
need to be careful,
and researchers
need to be careful.
Who's the actual person
at the top of it?
Is it David Rockefeller?
Is it some member of
the Rothschild family?
Is it some member that
we don't know about
within the deep black
budget community?
Or is it the aliens themselves,
in one form or another?
I guess we can ask
ourselves, what
is the likelihood that the
non-human intelligences that
are behind the UFO
phenomenon are managing
the cover-up to some extent?
I think we could
say a few things.
One, we can say they do not have
an interest in being out there
and being publicly acknowledged.
They do operate by stealth.
I think they've always
operated by stealth.
So they have an interest in
maintaining a cover of secrecy.
Toward that end,
if I were tasked
with doing counterintelligence
on the cover-up,
I would have to consider the
likelihood that they themselves
have some role to
play in the secrecy.
There is a story about a
famous murdered remote viewer
by the name of Pat
Price back in the 1970s.
Pat Price was possibly
the best remote viewer
the United States ever had.
He was an off-the-charts
remote viewer.
He was that good.
He had one of the
rare abilities to read
alphanumeric information.
That is, in other words, he
could read documents and file
cabinets and things like this.
He was extremely,
extremely proficient.
On one occasion, he did--
on his own, he said,
some remote viewing work on
where alien bases were here
on planet Earth.
He strolled into the
office in the mid '70s
of Hal Puthoff, who was running
the program, and said, oh, yes.
By the way, I thought I
would, just on my spare time,
look to see where
the alien bases were.
This is true.
He said this.
And he identified several.
They were all basically
in mountain areas.
One was in the Pyrenees.
One was in Mount Hayes, Alaska.
And he said, regarding that
base, the Mount Hayes, Alaska,
base, he said, that has
political protection
in the United States government.
He said, they have their
people in the US government
who are making sure that no
one pries in on that base.
That particular base, the
way Pat Price described it,
was somewhat similar
to how you might
look at the base in
the Hollywood movie,
"Men in Black."
You know, the huge Alien Depot
where all the different races
go, and humans as well.
Not qui-- I don't
think he described it
with quite the humor that
you get in the movie.
But in other words,
a big transit point.
And in fact, what Pat Price
said to Puthoff about that base
is when he was
remote viewing it,
they began remote viewing him.
And he pulled away out of fear.
So that's true.
And that would seem to
indicate to me that there
is some level of
collaboration and/or control
that is being exercised by
them within our society.
>>NOORY: Similar to your theory
about "War of the Worlds."
>>GENNA: Absolutely.
I know, right?
In actuality, George,
that's partially true.
It's not-- they are not
in total alignment with us
yet because of the
lack of acceptance.
If their purpose is
to come here to help,
they want to make sure that
even our leaders accept that,
because they're the ones that
are introducing it to us.
They allow us to learn a
certain amount of information
at certain times,
when they decide
we're ready to handle it.
So if there's no
major interference,
and it's not that the aliens
don't want to be here.
But like I said
earlier, their job
isn't to correct
everything here.
It's our job to do it.
So they want to feed us a
little information at a time,
but they want us to stop
being afraid of them.
The major reason the
council came to me
is because they knew I was
going to be a personality that
was going to be out there.
People were going to be
talking to me, to share, just
like this, what we're
doing right now--
>>NOORY: You're a
microphone for them.
>>GENNA: Exactly.
To be able to set it straight
as to why they're here.
They will help as
much as they can,
but we have to stop
fearing them, and knowing
and understanding that
there's more to life.
They are-- why
are we so hung up?
All these theories, all
of these hidden movies,
and we have to go
research to even watch
an episode like that, right?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: In order to find it.
Why are we still hung up
on these things of aliens
and extraterrestrials and--
this has been going
on for ages now.
>>NOORY: Oh, and it's so hidden.
>>GENNA: It is.
And it shouldn't be hidden.
And that is the human condition.
Because we don't even
know who we are--
>>NOORY: Are they trying
to save us from something?
>>GENNA: They're saving
us from ourselves.
That's the whole point.
Spirituality, metaphysics,
paranormal stuff,
it's all part of the tools
to be able to understand
who we are so that we can do
nothing more, nothing more,
than create the lives
we want down here
and achieve our dreams.
That's the only
reason we are here.
>>NOORY: Are there good
aliens and bad, Vince?
>>GENNA: No.
But there is love and
tough love, George.
So what people may interpret,
think of the parent.
>>NOORY: Like a parent is.
>>GENNA: Exactly.
Think of the parent that, OK.
The kids have-- you're acting
up a little bit too much, so
all right.
Unless you take responsibility--
>>NOORY: That's tough love.
>>GENNA: --we are
going to-- you're
going to either have to leave.
We're not going to be
supporting you any more,
but we love you very much.
All right, so you've got--
I could just see some of
the aliens looking down
at us right now.
And they're looking at
us going, what are you,
all meshuganah down there?
This is like, come on.
Get your act together.
You're supposed to-- stop
fighting with each other.
You're a bunch of little brats.
Imagine that.
>>NOORY: They're right.
>>GENNA: See that.
They are 100%--
>>NOORY: They are right.
>>GENNA: And then
there's the other brother
who goes, oh, give him a break.
It's OK.
They're going to be fine.
You know.
You were just as bad when you
were a little kid, weren't you?
That's how they're acting,
but they're no more than that.
I promise you, there
is no gray society
of aliens who decided
to make a home down
in the bottom of the ocean
and make love to an alligator
and become a new reptilian race.
>>NOORY: Right, right.
>>GENNA: Why on
Earth would a higher
evolved being and race want
to procreate with lizards
on the face of the Earth?
>>NOORY: A Dolphin, maybe.
>>GENNA: Well, maybe.
Or a killer whale.
I wouldn't mind that, so I
can swim a little bit better,
that's for sure, right?
>>NOORY: But you're
right about a killer--
>>GENNA: We can get around
a lot better than that.
But there's some crazy attitude,
and it's because of fear.
We fear everything.
And through fear, we're
interpreting all of this.
>>NOORY: Did they seed us?
>>GENNA: They spliced us.
So in other words--
>>NOORY: With what was here.
>>GENNA: With what-- OK.
This was stated in the
story of Cain and Abel.
That's the first--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GENNA: --piece
of information that
lets us know we were
a different race.
The Bible, as it is now, is not
of the beginning of humankind.
It's the beginning of
this mankind humankind.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: The modern man.
>>NOORY: The new one.
>>GENNA: That's
right, the new one.
Adam was the first son of
man, not the son of God.
And so during Cain
and Abel-- remember,
after Cain kills Abel--
>>NOORY: His brother.
>>GENNA: Right, his brother.
And God casts him out
of the Garden of Eden.
God says to him, you will
not be able to procreate
with those of your race.
You can only procreate
with those of the Earth.
Now, here's the funny thing.
Go do a DNA test now.
I did my DNA test,
and it's hysterical.
I didn't realize what
was going to come back.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, really.
My family's going
to love this one.
OK?
Mm.
They will let you know if you
have any modern man in you
or Neanderthal.
They have the two--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GENNA: --separated, because
they're two different DNA
strands.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>GENNA: And if you ever met in
my father's side of the family,
you'd understand why I do
have some Neanderthal in me.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>GENNA: These Italians, when
we got together, they threw
meatballs at each other, OK?
>>NOORY: Forget about it.
>>GENNA: Forget about it!
Exactly.
It was that kind of family.
But yes.
What they did is
because they knew
that it would take
too long for us
to evolve from the Neanderthal
to who we are today.
That's why we're not
thousands and thousands
and thousands of years
old, as we think we are.
They came and they spliced
a higher level of DNA.
Gregg Braden.
>>NOORY: Super guy.
>>GENNA: When you read his
books, in "Fractured Times,"
he talks about that.
He talks about
something changed.
There was a splicing
of a new DNA strand
to now make modern man
that appeared on the Earth
11,000 years ago spontaneously.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Well, that kind of
reminds me of the guest
on "Open Minds," Tom
Moore, who talked
about his telepathic
communication with a being
from the Sirius B star
system about humans.
>> Theo and Anture and everyone
says that humans were called
the explorer race.
We all volunteered for this in
order to fast track our souls
and raising vibrational levels.
That's all the soul's
goals is raising
your vibrational levels.
>> Right.
>> OK.
But everyone's been on a
plateau for millions of years.
They just hit a plateau and
they couldn't go any higher.
And so the creator
said that he wanted
to have this, where we would
be veiled, not knowing anything
about it, so that we would be
able to reinvent the wheel.
In other words, we'd be
doing all these things that
had been created before by
all these other societies who
think there's no--
they can't do it any better.
But the creator feels that
they are going to do it better,
that we are going to
do it and create things
in different ways that have
never been created before,
because we can't go back.
Oh, well, let's see.
That was 10 lives ago when
I handled that problem.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK, can't do that.
So we have to solve
the problem anew,
and maybe we'll solve
it in a better way
than has ever been done before.
And so we were given
this negativity.
And no other society,
no other universe
has ever been able
to handle negativity.
And we're talking about
billions of universes,
because there's
billions of creators.
But no one's been able
to handle negativity.
And so the creator
felt that we would
be able to handle
the negativity,
and we've handled it.
And that's what
happened in like 1987,
I believe it was, with
the harmonic convergence,
where we reached the
level where we will never
destroy ourselves.
>>NOORY: Vince, do
you agree with him?
>>GENNA: Well, what I--
>>NOORY: Somewhat?
>>GENNA: Well, somewhat.
Absolutely.
The part that I don't agree
with is the negativity part.
The creator didn't
give us negativity.
We created negativity.
>>NOORY: We did
that to ourselves.
>>GENNA: Right.
We found-- but here
is a theory that I
have been told that a lot of
people would not like to hear,
that the creator,
God itself, evolved.
It evolved.
It wasn't always perfect.
>>NOORY: There will be some
who will not like that.
>>GENNA: There's a lot
who would not like that.
>>NOORY: It's an
interesting concept.
>>GENNA: But if you look
at it and accept it,
then we have more of a
chance of understanding.
We were created in its image,
so why can we be so imperfect,
but it was never imperfect?
The story of Noah and the Ark,
all the stories in the Bible
are metaphysical
messages for us.
They're not just
historical accounts.
>>NOORY: Right.
But they're all pretty
accurate, right?
>>GENNA: They are very accurate.
Now, Noah-- the story of Noah
had nothing to do with us.
The whole story was about God.
God was angry.
What happened?
God was angry with
us because of the way
we were acting and
treating each other,
so he decided to wipe us all
out, except Noah's family.
>>NOORY: And start all over.
>>GENNA: Start all over.
Noah was the best out
of the entire bunch.
Eh, menza, menza.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>GENNA: But he had
to pick somebody.
And so I'll send all
my animals and him,
and we'll start all over again.
But what did God say at the end?
When they landed,
the water subsided.
What did he do, George?
He put out a rainbow and
he said, "That rainbow
is my promise to you.
I will never do this again."
>>NOORY: Again.
He saw what he did.
>>GENNA: And he didn't like it.
In the Bible--
>>NOORY: It scared God.
>>GENNA: --in the
beginning, when he first
created the world, he said,
or it said, he/she, it said,
"It saw it was good."
But when he destroyed it, it
saw that that was not good.
>>NOORY: No, it's not good.
>>GENNA: So it evolved.
It went to a higher level.
Now, we, having the capacity
of both sides, because that's
what we were given, we wanted
to know everything that we could
at one time, which is the whole
story of the Garden of Eden.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: And we opened up a
can of worms, Pandora's box.
So we learned about pride
and we learned about sorrow
and we learned about anger
and we learned about rage
and we learned about
disappointment.
And we were like, oh, my gosh.
All of that at one time.
Holy cow.
Without the ability to
being able to handle it,
like little kids.
That's what made us
lose the Garden of Eden.
Once we opened that box,
the source turned around
and spirit turns
around and said, look.
You don't need to know
all of that right now.
Don't worry about it.
>>NOORY: Who
controls the planet?
Us or the Federation?
>>GENNA: Us.
We're on the planet.
As long as we're here--
>>NOORY: It's our decision.
>>GENNA: Us.
Oh, the whole reason why
it's trying to help us
is giving us more chance.
Because what we're
doing right now,
we're not just
destroying ourselves.
We're hurting this planet.
We just came out of a year
that had one of the most
number of storms in history.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GENNA: OK, and hurricanes.
>>NOORY: Is that our fault?
>>GENNA: Yes, because
we also came out
of a time period of
anger, resentment,
fighting each other, killings
all over the place, wars,
battles.
>>NOORY: Well, what will
it take for us, Vince,
to learn that we can't
continue down that path?
>>GENNA: It's a matter of
reconnecting with ourselves
on the inside.
It always starts with ourselves.
What we do on the inside will
extend out into our society
automatically.
We don't even know how to
get along with ourselves.
>>NOORY: Of course not.
>>GENNA: We get guidance
every single day.
What do we do?
>>NOORY: We have never
gotten along with ourselves.
>>GENNA: No.
We fight ourselves.
We criticize ourselves.
We don't know what self-love is.
We don't know what
self-appreciation is.
>>NOORY: Were we made this way?
>>GENNA: No.
We were made to be
perfect to start with.
But because, the
moment we disconnected
and we forgot that
we were part--
actually, we forgot
that we are God.
The way God created us--
>>NOORY: Is in his image.
>>GENNA: --is in his image
by dividing himself into us.
So that's what
makes us the same.
That's what makes us
individual God beings,
even though it exists and
it's a power unto itself.
I don't want to give
everybody-- they're
going to say, oh, well, look at
the grandiose attitude he has.
Of course, people
who think they're
gods, like the Egyptian
pharaohs, did they--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GENNA: He knew.
They knew.
They knew the concept.
Wait a minute.
We are God.
But then they forgot
that everybody is,
and they just went,
well, it's just me,
not you, because I
guess I have more money.
That makes me a
better God than you.
That not what's true.
We're all that God.
But the moment we
forgot that, we just
relied on our human sides.
>>NOORY: So where
does this take us?
What happens?
>>GENNA: It's in our hands.
Completely, 100%.
>>NOORY: Do we win?
>>GENNA: Oh, that's a
great question that even I,
as a psychic--
and if there's any other
psychic on the planet that
can answer that question with
any definite and assurity,
they're kidding everybody.
>>NOORY: They're not a psychic.
>>GENNA: They're not.
Because the true answer
that I get all the time,
and I get it from
spirit as well, is it's
completely in your hands.
Of course, you can make
this all get better.
>>NOORY: It was
always in our hands.
>>GENNA: It was
But I've got to tell
you something, George.
I am not-- I've got
a lot of colleagues
in my realm, the spiritual realm
and the metaphysical realm,
right?
And there's a lot of
beliefs that oh, yes.
Everything-- the opportunities
are fabulous now.
They're wonderful now.
We're advancing.
We are evolving.
I'm doing a lecture this
year about ascending
to the fifth dimension.
We can't even get along
in the third dimension,
and now we want to become
singers and to sing "Aquarius."
>>NOORY: Now we're going
to jump to the fifth?
>>GENNA: No, we're not
going to get there.
Not the way it's going.
We actually have more evidence
that nothing has changed
and we're going in the
opposite direction.
Having knowledge, the knowledge
is becoming more apparent.
And through shows like yours
and books and lectures,
there's wonderful
wisdom out there
about higher consciousness,
scientifically
admitting all of this stuff.
Knowledge alone does
not make wisdom.
What turns knowledge into
wisdom is application.
We have to apply all
of this knowledge.
>>NOORY: And we will, one day.
>>GENNA: We're going to, and
we have that opportunity.
That's why we're still here.
We're not wiped out.
We're not wiping ourselves out.
If your soul and my soul thought
that there was no chance,
we would have left.
>>NOORY: Vince, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
It's always a pleasure.
>>GENNA: Oh, my gosh, George.
Thank you for having me here and
tolerating all of this energy
I keep throwing at you, and
this passion and intensity,
like my wife says.
>>NOORY: He's the
kind of psychic medium
you'll want to listen to.
There are a lot out there, but
there's only one Vincent Genna.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]